android-guidelines.md, before:

# 1. Project Guidelines

## 1.1 Project Structure
Every project should follow the Android Gradle project structure defined on the [Android Gradle plugin user guide](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide#TOC-Project-Structure).

## 1.2 Naming Files

### 1.2.1 Class Files
Class files are written on [UpperCamelCase](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CamelCase).
For classes that extends an Android component should be named with the component name at the end; for example: `LoginActivity`, `LoginFragment`, `AddUserDialog`.

### 1.2.2 Resources Files
All resources files are written in __lowercase_underscore__.

#### 1.2.2.1 Layout Files (res/layout)
All files inside layout folder should start with the android component name follow by the class name, eg: `activiy_login` for `LoginActivity`, `fragment_login` for `LoginFragment`, `activity_sign_up` for `SignUpActivity`.

| Component        | Class Name             | Layout Name                   |
| ---------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Activity         | `LoginActivity`  	    | `activity_login.xml`   	    |
| Fragment         | `SignUpFragment`       | `fragment_sign_up.xml`        |
| Dialog           | `ChangePasswordDialog` | `dialog_change_password.xml`  |
| AdapterView item | ---                    | `item_person.xml`             |
| Include layout   | ---                    | `content_login.xml`           |

In case the project uses includes of layout files; you should name the included layout using `content` as first element and followed by the name of the class, eg: `content_login`, `content_sign_up`.

#### 1.2.2.2 Values Files (res/values)
All files inside values folder should be in __plural__, eg: `strings.xml`, `styles.xml`, `customs.xml`.

#### 1.2.2.3 Drawable Files (res/drawable)
Drawable files should follow the next conventions:

| Asset Type   | Prefix            |		Example          |
|--------------| ------------------|-----------------------------|
| Action bar   | `ab_`             | `ab_stacked.xml`            |
| Button       | `btn_`	           | `btn_send_pressed.xml`      |
| Dialog       | `dialog_`         | `dialog_top.xml`            |
| Divider      | `divider_`        | `divider_horizontal.xml`    |
| Icon         | `ic_`	           | `ic_star.png`               |
| Menu         | `menu_	`          | `menu_submenu_bg.xml`       |
| Notification | `notification_`   | `notification_bg.xml`	 |
| Tabs         | `tab_`            | `tab_pressed.xml`           |

Naming conventions for icons [Android iconography guidelines](http://developer.android.com/design/style/iconography.html):

| Asset Type                      | Prefix             | Example                      |
| --------------------------------| ----------------   | ---------------------------- |
| Icons                           | `ic_`              | `ic_star.png`                |
| Launcher icons                  | `ic_launcher`      | `ic_launcher_calendar.png`   |
| Menu icons and Action Bar icons | `ic_menu`          | `ic_menu_archive.png`        |
| Status bar icons                | `ic_stat_notify`   | `ic_stat_notify_msg.png`     |
| Tab icons                       | `ic_tab`           | `ic_tab_recent.png`          |
| Dialog icons                    | `ic_dialog`        | `ic_dialog_info.png`         |

Naming conventions for selector states:

| State	       | Suffix          | Example                     |
|--------------|-----------------|-----------------------------|
| Normal       | `_normal`       | `btn_order_normal.xml`      |
| Pressed      | `_pressed`      | `btn_order_pressed.xml`     |
| Focused      | `_focused`      | `btn_order_focused.xml`     |
| Disabled     | `_disabled`     | `btn_order_disabled.xml`    |
| Selected     | `_selected`     | `btn_order_selected.xml`    |



#### 1.2.2.4 Menu Files (res/menu)
All files inside menu should match the component name, followed by the class name, eg: `activity_login`.
Do not add the word `menu` as part of the name because all files are already in a folder named menu.

Commit message:

Packages Structure
Adding package naming and structures inside projects

android-guidelines.md, after:

# 1. Project Guidelines

## 1.1 Project Structure
Every project should follow the Android Gradle project structure defined on the [Android Gradle plugin user guide](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system/user-guide#TOC-Project-Structure).

### 1.1.1 Main Package name
Every project developed under CodeToBe must match the package name as: `com.codetobe.__projectname__`. 

### 1.1.2 Package Names
Packages should be named on singular and have to describe in one word what is going to be inside of it, eg: `com.codetobe.projectname.ui.activity` will contain all classes that extends Activity, `com.codetobe.projectname.model` will contain all the POJO classes that work as models.

### 1.1.3 Package Structure
As mentioned before every package should describe what it contains

| Contains         | Package Name                              | 
| ---------------- | ----------------------------------------- | 
| User Interface   | com.codetobe.projectname.ui               | 
| Activities       | com.codetobe.projectname.ui.activity      |
| Fragments        | com.codetobe.projectname.ui.fragment      | 
| Adapters         | com.codetobe.projectname.ui.adapter       | 
| Utilities        | com.codetobe.projectname.util             |
| Models           | com.codetobe.projectname.model            |  
| Networks         | com.codetobe.projectname.network          |  


## 1.2 Naming Files

### 1.2.1 Class Files
Class files are written on [UpperCamelCase](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CamelCase).
For classes that extends an Android component should be named with the component name at the end; for example: `LoginActivity`, `LoginFragment`, `AddUserDialog`.

### 1.2.2 Resources Files
All resources files are written in __lowercase_underscore__.

#### 1.2.2.1 Layout Files (res/layout)
All files inside layout folder should start with the android component name follow by the class name, eg: `activiy_login` for `LoginActivity`, `fragment_login` for `LoginFragment`, `activity_sign_up` for `SignUpActivity`.

| Component        | Class Name             | Layout Name                   |
| ---------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| Activity         | `LoginActivity`  	    | `activity_login.xml`   	    |
| Fragment         | `SignUpFragment`       | `fragment_sign_up.xml`        |
| Dialog           | `ChangePasswordDialog` | `dialog_change_password.xml`  |
| AdapterView item | ---                    | `item_person.xml`             |
| Include layout   | ---                    | `content_login.xml`           |

In case the project uses includes of layout files; you should name the included layout using `content` as first element and followed by the name of the class, eg: `content_login`, `content_sign_up`.

#### 1.2.2.2 Values Files (res/values)
All files inside values folder should be in __plural__, eg: `strings.xml`, `styles.xml`, `customs.xml`.

#### 1.2.2.3 Drawable Files (res/drawable)
Drawable files should follow the next conventions:

| Asset Type   | Prefix            |		Example          |
|--------------| ------------------|-----------------------------|
| Action bar   | `ab_`             | `ab_stacked.xml`            |
| Button       | `btn_`	           | `btn_send_pressed.xml`      |
| Dialog       | `dialog_`         | `dialog_top.xml`            |
| Divider      | `divider_`        | `divider_horizontal.xml`    |
| Icon         | `ic_`	           | `ic_star.png`               |
| Menu         | `menu_	`          | `menu_submenu_bg.xml`       |
| Notification | `notification_`   | `notification_bg.xml`	 |
| Tabs         | `tab_`            | `tab_pressed.xml`           |

Naming conventions for icons [Android iconography guidelines](http://developer.android.com/design/style/iconography.html):

| Asset Type                      | Prefix             | Example                      |
| --------------------------------| ----------------   | ---------------------------- |
| Icons                           | `ic_`              | `ic_star.png`                |
| Launcher icons                  | `ic_launcher`      | `ic_launcher_calendar.png`   |
| Menu icons and Action Bar icons | `ic_menu`          | `ic_menu_archive.png`        |
| Status bar icons                | `ic_stat_notify`   | `ic_stat_notify_msg.png`     |
| Tab icons                       | `ic_tab`           | `ic_tab_recent.png`          |
| Dialog icons                    | `ic_dialog`        | `ic_dialog_info.png`         |

Naming conventions for selector states:

| State	       | Suffix          | Example                     |
|--------------|-----------------|-----------------------------|
| Normal       | `_normal`       | `btn_order_normal.xml`      |
| Pressed      | `_pressed`      | `btn_order_pressed.xml`     |
| Focused      | `_focused`      | `btn_order_focused.xml`     |
| Disabled     | `_disabled`     | `btn_order_disabled.xml`    |
| Selected     | `_selected`     | `btn_order_selected.xml`    |



#### 1.2.2.4 Menu Files (res/menu)
All files inside menu should match the component name, followed by the class name, eg: `activity_login`.
Do not add the word `menu` as part of the name because all files are already in a folder named menu.
